# Assesment 1 - Quality Attributes

__(a). Have a look at chapters 16 and 17 from MS Application Architecture Guide. What is the difference between quality attributes and crosscutting concerns?__

They both affect the entire application. The difference between them is that quality attributes affect things like run-time performance, system design, and user experience. So they affect the decisions that will be made. The crosscutting concerns are more about actions that are performed throughout the application (eg. validation, logging, and authentication).

__(b). What is the difference between a Perspective and a Viewpoint as defined in Software Systems Architecture?__

A viewpoint is a pattern or generalization of a view. In OO terms, the viewpoint is the class (or template) and the view is the instance of that class. A view is a representation of the whole system, as seen through the prism of specific concerns. Where these concers come from the stakeholders. It is more about explaining the system in an understandable way for that certain group of stakeholders.

The perspectives are a collection of patterns, templates, and guidelines to ensure the system has the right quality properties.

__(c). Describe two quality attributes that typically conflict, i.e. more of one attribute means less of the other. In what way can you make tradeoffs between them? (Don’t choose the examples mentioned at the lectures.)__

Two attributes that often conflict are securability and usability. A more secure application often requires more interaction by the user. E.g. using a phone for two steps verification. This reduces the usability of the application, because it takes a user more time to log in. There can be made compromises between the two quality attributes by e.g. using a secure protocol, or by encrypting data. This does not affect the usability, but does improve the security.
