# Assignment 1b

**Create your own compact software process aimed at a student project with a size of about 3 weeks and 4 students. Describe:**

- The roles which your process contains;
- The disciplines which your process contains (if you decide to leave certain disciplines out then explain
why);
- The artifacts that each discipline should produce. Again give your argumentation (‘rationale’). Why do you choose these artifacts?

## Roles

- **Stakeholders**
	- Product Owner
	- Steering Group
- **Business modelling**
	- Team Leader
	- Development Team
- **Requirements**
	- Information Analist
	- Use Case Designer
- **Analysis and design**
	- Software Architect
	- User Interface Designer
- **Implementation**
	- Developer
- **Test**
	- Test Manager
	- Tester
- **Deployment**
	- Tool Manager
	- Integrator

## Disciplines

- Stakeholders
- Business modelling
- Requirements
- Analysis and design
- Implementation
- Test
- Deployment

## Artifacts

### Stakeholders

- Acceptation Plan
- Product Backlog
- Release Burndown Chart

Regarding the artifacts for the Stakeholders, we chose to only deliver the documents necessary. The Acceptation Plan gives insight in what acceptable working products are. The Product Backlog contains functional and non-functional requirements. And finally the Release Burndown Chart shows the total amount of progress during the project - and what of it is accomplished. The combination of these three artifacts give good insights on the final state of the iteration to the stakeholders.

Other artifacts (like Business Process Model, DTAP-environment, Training Material, or Change Proposal) are out of the project's scope.

### Business modelling

- List of Risks
- List of Bottlenecks
- Iteration Plan (Task Board)
- Iteration Burndown Chart

We chose List of Risks because every project does have certain risks. On of the most common risks e.g. is the deadline. It is wise to describe those risks in a document. This way, everybody knows what the risks are and how likely it is they will happen.

We chose List of Bottlenecks because most projects does have certain aspects which could hold up the whole project. If you make a list of those up front, it will be easier to anticipate to these. It maybe will be possible to avoid those bottlenecks.

We chose Iteration Plan (Task Board) because doing this will make it for every anticipator clear what will be done during this iteration. Questions like "What do I have to do now?" will be more unlikely to occur.

We chose Iteration Burndown Chart because the progress of the project will be insightful more easy.

We did not chose for Software Development Plan because it is a bit of an overkill to create such a document for a small project like ours. Dependencies of each other can be discussed without slowing down the project. Because this is a smaller project you can easily anticipate on dependencies.

We did not chose for Progress Report because the documenten would likely be the same every time. There might would be some slight differences between them, but not noteworthy.

### Requirements

- Vision
- Glossary
- Use Case Model
- Use Case Specification

These four artifacts aim to make communication between the product owner and product group as transparent and clear as possible. Through documented vision, and declaration of technical terms used in describing this Vision, the project goal will be clear between both groups. The Use Case Model and Specification aid in the clarification of the individual elements.

A Navigation Document would make the vision even clearer, yet because of the limited amount of time we deemed it out of scope.

### Analysis and design

- Proof of Concept
- Design Model
- Data Model

We chose Proof of Concept because it is wished by most product owners to see that their product can be realized. Althought it maybe it is not finished, they do have proof it can be realized.

We chose Design Model because it useful to see how and where some parts are made. This will improve the reuse of code and is useful for possible switches between task and new group members.

We chose Data Model because every member of the group must have straight how persistent data is stored. Persistent data can be used by every member of the group. It is very time consuming asking one member of the group how data is stored, over and over again.

We did not chose for Architectural Prototype because this project is not that big that every piece of the project should be checked seperately. We use tests to test seperate parts and functions of the code.

We did not chose for Software Architecture Document because it provides "a complete overview of the architecture", which isn't very big in our case. So it a bit over an overkill.

### Implementation

- Working Code

Delivering a working project (and the related Working Code) is an implementation artifact. This includes code documentation, a description of re-usable components, information about used frameworks, and possibly the configuration settings.

We decided not to include the Use Case Realization document as an implementation artifact. Use Case realization itself is very important, yet delivering a document on the technical implementation of each use case, is out of the project's scope - due to limited time and available developers.

### Test

- Test Design
- Test Suite

Mal
We chose ... because ...

NOT:
Testplan
Testreport

### Deployment

- Development Environment
- Delivery Document
- Delivery

We chose that the Deployment discipline should deliver a fully working development and documentation on each fysical part of this environment. Also the Delivery Document will contain the realised Use Cases and (if necessary) the known issues and applied bug fixes. The final Delivery artifacts combines all the previous into one conclusion with additional information about supporting work products (tools, third party dependencies etc.).

These should give the Product Owner a complete picture of what has been accomplished in the iteration, plus the ability to use the product without having to be guided through each part of the project setup process.
