# Assignment 1A

**How do the viewpoints as defined by Rozanski & Woods and the RUP 4+1 views as defined by Kruchten relate to each other?**

In contrast to the 4+1 architectural view model by Kruchten, which uses 5 viewpoints, the model by Rozanski & Woods uses 7 viewpoints.
Below are the viewpoints of Kruchten and how they relate to those of Rozanksi & Woods.

- **Logical view**: Like the *functional viewpoint* of Rozanski & Woods, it describes what functionalities the system offers.

- **Development view**: Like the *development viewpoint* of Rozanski & Woods, it describes those parts of the architecture that are involved in the development of the software.

- **Process view**: Like the *concurrency viewpoint* of Rozanski & Woods, it describes how concurrency is handled in the software. Besides the concurrency viewpoint, it is related with several other viewpoints like: the *information viewpoint* for the distribution, the *functional viewpoint* for performance and runtime behavior, but also the *context viewpoint* and *deployment viewpoint* for runtime dependecies and runtime performance. It is related to the *context viewpoint* in the way of explaining how system processes communicate.

- **Physical view**: This view depicts the system from a system engineer's point of view. So it is related to Rozanski & Woods' *deployment viewpoint*.

- **Scenarios**: This view is related to the following viewpoints: *context viewpoint*, *development viewpoint* and *deployment viewpoint*.
