# Assignment 3

**(a) What are the main quality attributes the stakeholders are interested in? Give three quality attributes for each stakeholder.**

__Development/Maintenance team:__

1. Maintainability
2. Debugability
3. Testability

__Management:__

1. Configurability
2. Extensibility
3. Affordability

**(b) Give two other possible stakeholders we could have considered for this system. What would their concerns be?**

1. __End-Users__, their concerns would be:

	- Usability
	- Simplicity
	- Correctness

2. __Administrators__, their concerns would be:

	- Administrability
	- Usability
	- Autonomy

**(c) Study the system (source code and available documentation). Write a SAD based on the template at www.rupopmaat.nl. Make sure to include UML component diagram(s), package diagram(s) and deployment diagram(s).**

See attached `SAD Project DolVA.pdf`.

**(d) Identify three important design decisions that have been taken for the system. Where these design decisions documented by the original developers? What were the alternatives? What decision would you have made, with what rationale?**

1. __Design decision:__ *API Based*

	__Documented by original developers:__ Yes, it is documented. The given rationale is: *"Because of the simplicity of addressing there was made the decision to use a RESTful API. This reduces the complexity as much as possible."*

	__The alternatives:__ The alternative would be to let every endpoint communicate directly to the application layer. This would mean no intermediate API, which requires an interface for each individual endpoint.

	__Our decision and rationale:__ We would have made the same decision, because there is less tight coupling between the graphical user interface of the CMS and the logical view of the CMS. This extra layer of abstraction makes communication more tranparent, better maintainable, and also makes debugging and testing easier.

2. __Design decision:__ *Cordova App*

	__Documented by original developers:__ Yes, it is documented. The given rationale is: *"Cordova makes it possible to develop without using the device's native APIs."*

	__The alternatives:__ The alternative would have been to build native apps in Java (for Android) and Swift (for iOS).

	__Our decision and rationale:__ We would have made the same decision, because by using Cordova you combine best of both the browser possibilities and built-in native functionalities. Also Cordova makes developing an app for multiple platforms (cross-platform) a trivial task.

3. __Design decision:__ *MySQL*

	__Documented by original developers:__ Yes, it is documented. The given rationale is: *"Because there is a strong relational character between the data and there is a relatively small set of subjects."*

	__The alternatives:__ Yes, there were a lot of alternatives, e.g. Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, and a lot of others.

	__Our decision and rationale:__ We would have made the same decision, because of the wide use of MySQL and the strong relation between the different data.

**(e) How could the architecture of the system be improved? Give suggestions for improvement, at least one for every view.**

1. __Improvements to the logical view__

	__Suggestion(s):__ There are no diagrams present at all. It would be better if there would also be made some static diagrams, like a component diagram or ERD.

2. __Improvements to the development view__

	__Suggestion(s):__ A lot of artifacts of this view have been left out. It would be useful to add the file structure. This would make it easier to find certain files for new developers and it would improve the extendability. On the plus side open-source frameworks are used, which means documentation on file structure (etc.) can be found online.

3. __Improvements to the process view__

	__Suggestion(s):__ It would be useful to add a desciption of how the scalability of the system has been improved. Also there are no diagrams to show the outline of the entire system and no documents explaining how the individual subsystems communicate with one another.

4. __Improvements to the physical view__

	__Suggestion(s):__ There are only explanations why certain decisions have been made. It would be useful if there is some documentation available about which protocols are uses and how the hardware has been configured.

5. __Improvements to the scenarios / use case view__

	__Suggestion(s):__ Only User Stories are made. Although they are very extensive, it would be better if there would also be made Use Case Diagrams and Use Cade Descriptions, because they give a clear overview.

**(f) The standard views are probably too technical for Martin. Write a management view. You are allowed to make reasonable assumptions. (This exercise is about writing for a non-technical person and being able to imagine the things he’s interested in.)**

See attached `Management Review.pdf`.
